Documentation: a draft about doc structure and style (#28)
aiidateam/kiwipy: docs/source/installation.rst

.. _installation:

************
Installation
************

RabbitMQ
-------------

> kiwipy depends on RabbitMQ as massage broker.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
kiwipy depends on RabbitMQ as the message broker.
```

To install RabbitMQ, refer to `Downloading and Installing RabbitMQ <https://www.rabbitmq.com/download.html>`_

Basic Installation
------------------

    $ pip install kiwipy[rmq]

Now you're ready to run :ref:`examples <examples>`!

Building from Source
--------------------

> If developing with kiwipy, you will need to build from source. This allows changes you

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to develop kiwipy it's best to install kiwipy in ``editable`` mode. This allows changes you
```

.. _installation:

************
Installation
************

> Here is the documentation about the installation.

Reviewer: I think this can be kept very short - `pip install rabbitmq` will almost do.
You may want to link to some existing instructions on how to install rabbitmq on the web (I guess there will be official ones)?

Author: The 'rmq' might be better to included in install_requires rather than as an extra requires?
https://github.com/aiidateam/kiwipy/pull/33
